the most consumed content on all of
Instagram is not reals it's not
Instagram live it's not photos it's
Instagram stories according to
Instagram's CEO himself Instagram
stories is the primary place where
people go to consume content on
Instagram and this is awesome because
compared to all the other kinds of posts
on Instagram Instagram stories are
arguably the most diverse and what I
mean by that is that Instagram stories
can serve different purposes you can
accomplish different goals on different
days or even multiple different goals on
the same day thanks to Instagram stories
and their unique use
cases now I do need to let you know
before we even get started some bad news
in case you didn't know Instagram
stories will not help you grow your
following Instagram stories are great
for making sales they're great for
engaging your current followers they're
great for increasing your own engagement
they're great for numerous things but
they're not so great when it comes to
Growing your following and that's
because they primarily only reach your
existing followers and so it makes sense
if 99 to 100% of the viewers of your
content are existing followers well then
you're probably not going to gain many
followers from said content and so
Instagram stories like I said have many
great use cases but growing your
following is likely not one of them
maybe you knew that already but if you
clicked on this video it's because
you're ready to learn how to get the
most views possible on your Instagram
stories in today's episode of build your
tribe I'm going to be sharing with you
direct feedback from our internal
experiments and I'm going to be sharing
with you some tidbits of information
that the CEO of Instagram himself has
said regarding how to get more views on
your Instagram stories now if Instagram
stories don't help you grow your
following why would you want to get more
views on your stories well like I
mentioned earlier maybe you want to make
more sales and so you want more views on
your stories because more viewers could
mean more customers maybe you want more
views on your Instagram stories because
you use your Instagram stories to build
relationships and build trust and allow
your audience to really get to know you
regardless of why You Want More Story
views today I'm going to help you figure
out exactly how to get more Instagram
story views and I'm super excited to
announce speaking of Instagram's CEO
make sure you subscribe to this podcast
because coming soon is going to be an
exclusive interview on build your tribe
between myself and the CEO of Instagram
I can't share too much information or
too many details just yet but I am going
to be having a sit down one-on-one
conversation with him where I'm going to
be asking him to expose all of the
Instagram secrets and tell us everything
he can about the Instagram algorithm and
how things work behind the scenes so
make sure you subscribe for that
upcoming episode in the future make sure
you leave your questions for him down in
the comments below and I might ask your
question to the CEO of Instagram himself
in our upcoming interview but let's get
back into today's episode and how do you
actually boost your Instagram stories
views today we're going to be talking a
lot about the Instagram stories
algorithm and to understand the
algorithm I like to simplify it down to
basically a math equation on one side of
the equation is all the different
variables likes watch time how many
people clicked on your story are people
engaging with your story are they
replying to your story are they exiting
your story right there are so many
different variables that help Instagram
determine is this a good story or not
and we're going to talk about what those
different variables are which ones
matter and which ones don't that's one
side of the equation and the other side
of the equation is basically is this
story going to be shown to more people
is it going to be pushed out to a
greater percentage of your followers or
is it going to be buried down the line
down the queue and the likelihood of
someone ever watching it pretty low one
way to think about all of those
different varibles that go on the one
side of the equation is positive forms
of Engagement and negative forms of
Engagement of course positive forms of
Engagement help you they help Instagram
think oh this is a really good post the
negative forms of Engagement with in
stagram stories are pretty
self-explanatory they're most commonly
skips Taps and exits skips are when
someone is watching your story and they
swipe from the right to the left thus
skipping the remaining stories those
little bars at the top or remaining uh
time in the story that they were
watching they skip it and they move on
to the next person's Instagram stories
that's what a skip is Taps also known as
tap forwards are what they sound like
it's someone tapping on the right hand
side of the screen skipping only the
remaining time in the story that they
were viewing so let's say they were
watching a story clip of yours that was
17 seconds long and at the 3se second
Mark they decided H they're bored
they're over it they're going to tap on
the right hand side of the screen to
skip to your next clip so they're still
watching your story and any clips that
you've added to your story from the last
24 hours but they're just skipping
whatever that last frame or that last
clip or that last segment was it's
called a tap forward and then third
exits make sense exits mean that they
are closing Instagram stories as a whole
they're either swiping down or they're
pressing the X in the upper right hand
corner and they're leaving your story
all together these are the three most
common negative forms of Engagement and
all three will hurt your story views so
the more skips the more tap forwards and
the more exits that your story is having
the less people your story will be shown
to now you might have been able to
assume that those were negative forms of
Engagement but what you likely aren't
able to assume is the five things that
will kill your story View the five
things that most often result in the
most skips tap forwards and exits these
are things that like I said they hurt
your story views and yet these are super
common practice I would be willing to
bet that a lot of people who are
watching or listening to this episode
right now have one of these five things
if not all five up on their Instagram
stories as we speak and these things
kill your story views now don't worry
once we get to the end of these five I
will tell you the one Saving Grace but
without further Ado the the five things
that will kill your Instagram story
views according to our own research and
experimentation number one is talking
head stories now not to give you too
much of a history lesson on Instagram
but when Instagram stories were first
announced they could only be up to 15
seconds long then a few years later
Instagram said hey we're now going to
allow you to record up to 60c Long
Instagram stories but we're still going
to automatically add Cuts every 15
seconds so it made a little little bit
easier for people to skip through so
basically one way you could think about
it is if you recorded a 60-second
talking head story and you posted it
Instagram would automatically split it
into four different 15 second Clips but
then fast forward to 2025 and now when
you post a 60-second story Instagram
doesn't cut it at all and so what's
happened over the last few years is
we've become long- winded we think hey I
have 60 seconds so I'm going to take up
the full 60 seconds we see that little
bar going around in a circle at the
bottom where we're holding down the
record button and we think oh I have
some more time so I'm going to fill in
some more space I'm going to tell a
little Side Story here I have 60 seconds
so I'm going to use the full 60 seconds
but it's not the easiest for consumers
to consume it's not the easiest piece of
content in fact I would argue it's one
of the hardest pieces of content for
viewers to watch and here's why as a
viewer watching your 60-second story my
only thing that I can do is sit there
and not touch anything we live in a day
and age where consumers are used to
having total control where they can fast
forward pause rewind Slow Down Speed Up
think about when you're watching Tik Tok
or Instagram reals how often do you pop
into the comment section or begin
reading the caption while the video
itself is still playing none of that is
possible when you're watching a talking
head Instagram story and you add on top
of that the layer that most talking head
Instagram stories are not short and
concise and Punchy they're not planned
out or scripted they're free flow
extemporaneous they're just kind of
rambling bumbling you're talking about
this story and This Side Story and this
Sidetrack and so as a viewer you're that
much more likely to get disengaged or to
get bored and when you do get disengaged
or bored the only real option that you
have is to tap forward to skip or to
exit all together the least likely
option is that you're going to go back
tap back as it's known on Instagram and
start the entire talking head story from
the beginning that is very unlikely and
that is why talking head stories
typically will hurt your story views
along those same lines the second thing
that will hurt your story views is just
long video stories in general and if you
want me to put a number on it I would
say longer than 10 seconds the normal
text post or photo Instagram story is up
for anywhere from 3 to 10 seconds and so
when you post a video story that's
longer than 10 seconds every additional
second every additional millisecond is
just more time that increases the
likelihood that someone is going to get
bored disinterested or unengaged and
like I said a moment ago the only way
that they can engage with that story is
to skip forward to exit the story
altogether or to tap forward it's not
very easy or intuitive to pause an
Instagram story there's no way to fast
forward or rewind so if there's one part
of the video that they missed or that
they were really looking forward to see
there's no easy way for them to navigate
the video and get to that point so in
general talking head videos or long
videos in general that you are posting
on your Instagram stories they're going
to lower your views and again in case it
isn't clear it's not necessarily because
Instagram hates video or Instagram hates
video stories it's simply that the
algorithm is always responding to what
the audience prefers rather than
focusing on the algorithm of Instagram
and the algorithms on social media I
want you to focus on the audiences and
as an audience member it's not very easy
to watch long Instagram stories whether
it's a long video or a long talking head
video it's not easy for the consumers to
consume and so of course the negative
forms of Engagement are going to become
more prevalent and thus Instagram will
want to show your video to less people
the third thing that can hurt your
Instagram story views and according to
our studies on average it leads to a 39%
reduction in story views and that is
using the link sticker again not to be
an Instagram historian but back in the
day you had to get to 10,000 followers
in order to unlock the ability to add a
link sticker and actually before the
link sticker it was just the swipe up
feature to your Instagram stories at
that time it was the only way that you
could share a link on Instagram besides
your link in BIO eventually a few years
later Instagram decided that this
arbitrary 10,000 follower Mark was not
necessary and so they allowed all people
all of us now we can add a link sticker
to our stories whenever we want and so
of course small business owners and
content creators went wild and we
started adding link stickers to every
story every Amazon product that we
recommend every podcast that we love
every link every website every blog that
we want to link to we started adding
link stickers to our stories but
according to the most recent data that
is hurting our Instagram story views and
I believe it's again going back to those
negative forms of Engagement when you
have a link sticker on your Instagram
Stories the three primary options that
people have are to skip to exit or to
tap forward of course there is a fourth
option which is clicking on that link
but even that is kind of like leaving
Instagram right often times I know
myself when I do click on a link sticker
I will tap on the link I won't continue
navigating the site in Instagram because
I know that Instagram might crash there
might be a glitch the site might not
work properly I don't always have my
credit card info and my contact info
saved on Instagram so I will open in an
external browser which is the same thing
as an exit I have now left Instagram
because of that link sticker so while
yes you did get a link click I've
ultimately left Instagram and so now
your story will be shown to less people
I also know as a consumer I don't like
opening links on Instagram especially on
Instagram stories because if I get
distracted if I have to go run and grab
my credit card from my wallet if I have
to go check with Taye my wife about like
the date and time of something if I get
away from that link for any reason and
that link disappears let's say I like
close my phone for a minute and then I
open it and the app has refreshed in the
background well now that story is gone
and because I viewed that story
Instagram's not going to show it to me
again and the likelihood of me finding
that link is pretty low and so as a user
it's just not super easy and later today
I'll talk to you about what I would
recommend doing instead of using said
link sticker what you can do to actually
boost views um when you're trying to
make sales and what you can do to
distribute the link without having to
use the link sticker but again like I
said on average uh we're seeing about
39% lower views 39% less views when
using the link sticker on Instagram
stories now the fourth thing that is
hurting your story views is one that
pains me to say and I wish I didn't have
to report to you the facts and I'll
explain why in a minute but the fourth
thing is sharing feed posts of any kind
and from anyone to your stories so
whether it's a photo a carousel or a
real and whether it was posted by you or
by someone else when you take a feed
post you tap that little paper airplane
and you share to your story that usually
leads to a decrease in views and this is
coming directly from the CEO of
Instagram himself he said this on his
Instagram stories about a year or so ago
and basically the reasoning he gave was
that their own internal studies and
their own internal focus groups at
Instagram had concluded that the average
Instagram user and again I say average
you might be an exception to this but
the average Instagram user does not go
to Instagram stories to see posts from
the feed they go to the feed to find
feed post and they go to stories to
consume stories content content that is
not just reals and photos and carousels
that have been re-shared from the feed
but I told you that pains me and here's
why because Shares are one of the best
ways to grow on Instagram we've done
multiple build your tribe episodes
recently about how when you get more
shares you get more views and so of
course I want more people to share my
post to their stories because that helps
me but I have to tell you the truth
which is that that won't really help you
in fact that'll probably hurt your story
views and so I often get a lot of
confusing questions when I bring up this
topic because ultimately there are
different strategies for different goals
if you clicked on this episode and if
you've been watching today it's because
you want to maximize your story views
and so if you want to maximize your
story views I would recommend not
sharing any feed posts to your stories
however if your goal is not necessarily
maximum story views and it is instead
maximum feed post views you have a real
that you want to make sure people see
you have a photo that you need to make
sure gets seen by all of your followers
you have a carousel that's really really
important to you or you find a post from
someone else that is really that
valuable and worth sharing then go ahead
and share it to your stories of course
that will mean less story views on that
day but it will mean more views and
potentially more engagement for the feed
post so different strategies depending
on what your goal is and also from an
algorithmic perspective sharing feed
posts to your stories of course isn't
likely going to get very much positive
engagement because the three primary
ways that people are going to respond or
interact or engage with that shared post
when they see it on your stories is
either they're going to exit your story
altogether they're going to swipe and
Skip your story or they're going to tap
forward thus moving on to your next
Story the best form of Engagement that
you could even get from that story is
someone tapping on the feed post that
they share
but that in and of itself is an exit of
your story they're leaving your stories
to go view that feed post and so just
like the link sticker when you are
sharing feed post to your stories you're
normally going to see less views and
then the fifth and final story view
killer the thing that will hurt your
story views the most is posting multiple
stories in one day and in fact I can't
give you a general number like if you go
more than three you're screwed if you go
more than seven forget about it no as
you post post more stories typically
your views go down there is a direct
inverse correlation between the number
of stories you post and the number of
average views that you will obtain and
this is a direct change from a few years
ago it used to be a best practice to
post multiple stories in a day and the
algorithm really favored things like
recency and relevancy and how many times
have you posted your stories today and
each time you posted a story it moved
you back to the front of the queue back
to the front of the lineup they really
used to Value how recently have you
posted a story and so it really used to
benefit you in the past to post stories
all the time so that you were always
recently posting a story but now it's
beneficial to actually do the opposite
less is more when it comes to Instagram
stories to say it another way and we'll
talk more about this strategy in just a
little bit posting just one instagram
story is actually how you maximize views
now I did say that there was one Saving
Grace for these five story view killers
and that is that Instagram stories have
a really nice way that they can clean
their slate every single day basically
every single 24-hour period when your
stories expire it's kind of like a clean
slate like Instagram and the algorithm
specifically the Instagram stories
algorithm have wiped themselves clean
and they've forgotten about the equation
from yesterday so if today the day that
you're watching this you have a talking
head story that is more than 10 seconds
long and you have a link stick and on
the next story slide uh you have shared
a feed post and then you posted 17 more
stories today if you've done everything
quote unquote wrong today just let 24
hours go by so that all of your stories
expire and guess what you've started
over you've hit the reset button and the
equation is back at zero and I think
that might be my favorite thing about
any algorithm on social media because
rarely do you get a reset button usually
day after day your posts they add on top
of each other usually day after day the
engagement that you're receiving affects
the engagement that you're going to
receive the views you got influence the
views you're going to get but on
Instagram stories there's this nice
reset button that you can press at any
time by allowing your stories to expire
or yes even deleting the stories that
you currently have posted and so like I
talked about earlier there are different
strategies for different goals if your
goal is not necessarily maximizing views
on your stories but instead you want to
maximize views on your reals on a
specific day then maybe you're going to
take that reel and you're going to share
it to your stories if maybe there's a
day where you don't care about
maximizing your story views but you
really want the people who are viewing
your stories to get to follow along in
your day and really see a behind
the-scenes look at what you're doing on
a specific day then go ahead knock your
socks off post a bunch of stories
throughout the day vlogging and
documenting your day if you have a video
that absolutely must be posted on your
Instagram stories and it's 48 seconds
long then go ahead and post it and just
accept that hey your views might be a
little bit lower that day but you had to
post the story and you got it out there
anyways now we've spent enough time
talking about the negative forms of
Engagement and the story view Killers
let's now at least swing things back to
the neutral side of things and talk
about things that you might think are
going to make a difference with the
story's algorithm you might think are
great positive forms of Engagement but
through our own internal experimentation
and from Instagram CEO himself they
actually don't matter that much the
first one is watch time now this is
surprising because on almost every other
algorithm on every other platform even
the other algorithm on Instagram watch
time matters the amount of time that
people are watching your content and the
percentage of your video that people are
watching those matter on Instagram reals
that stat matters on YouTube that stat
matters on Tik Tok but on Instagram
stories according to Instagram CEO
himself that doesn't really matter and
so that kind of makes sense when we're
thinking about those long you know
60-second stories those don't really
matter because Instagram doesn't care
how long people are watching your
stories for they care how people are
interacting with your stories now
something that used to be very
beneficial in terms of interaction that
now doesn't really make as big of a
difference is those engagement stickers
so you know how there's like the pole
sticker there's the slider bar sticker
there's the question sticker where
people can submit their own questions or
comments to your Instagram stories those
stickers used to be a great form of
Engagement and Instagram used to weight
those things very heavy in the positive
sense now they're not as big of a
differen maker in fact you could get a
ton of story clicks and story sticker
engagements and it might not translate
to any additional views and so while
having someone watch 100% of your story
and or click on one of those interactive
stickers while that might not hurt you
it doesn't necessarily help you as much
as we may have thought or as much as we
may have in general in the past so now
let's talk about the positives what are
the positive forms of Engagement the
three biggest keys for getting more
views on your Instagram stories and this
is coming directly from Instagram's CEO
himself he has said this actually
numerous times over the last few weeks
on his own Instagram stories and we've
put all of these things to the test and
we can now report to you that the third
best kind of Engagement for your
Instagram story is a like now likes were
added to Instagram stories in 20124 and
they appear as a little heart in the
bottom right hand corner getting more
likes helps you get get more views on
your Instagram stories after hearing
this information about the power of
likes on Instagram stories I put it to
the test myself I used a formula that
I'm going to be sharing with you a
little bit later it's a formula I've
shared here on build your tribe before
called my STD strategy I know it's got a
funny name it's got that funny name so
that you remember it but anyways I used
this strategy and all I did was I
changed out the call to action instead
of asking people to do something again
that I'll tell you a little bit later I
ask them to like the story so for for
all intensive purposes all of the
variables were kept the exact same it
was a story with text that I have posted
previously and even though it was my
most liked story ever with almost 2,000
likes on a single story it was only my 2
second most viewed story of the last 12
months so of the hundreds if not
possibly thousands of stories that I've
posted within the last 12 months this
was the 22nd most viewed story so
getting a lot of likes on my story
definitely helped me get more views but
it didn't push it to the top it didn't
make it my most viewed story despite it
being by far my most liked story now the
key form of Engagement that is in second
place is the one that unfortunately we
have the least control over and that we
have uh the least amount of stats or
reporting on and it is clicks now a lot
of people get confused when I say clicks
because they think I'm referring to
clicking on those engagement stickers
that we already talked about that's not
what I'm talking about when I say clicks
I specifically am referring to someone
choosing or selecting your story from
the cue of stories available so if you
open Instagram right now and you see
that there's that long list of little
circles up at the top where it's all the
new stories that you could watch
whichever one you choose to begin with
that is the story that gets the upvote
if you will that gets the positive form
of Engagement of a click because you
chose of all of my different options
this is the one I want to watch it's
kind of like when you go on YouTube or
when you go on podcast maybe before you
listen to this podcast and you saw a
bunch of other recommended episodes
maybe from different shows you chose to
listen to this one and if you chose to
listen to it first that is a very strong
positive form of Engagement same on
Instagram when it comes to Instagram
stories when people are hunting down
your story and choosing it from all of
the different options of stories that
they could watch that is a really strong
positive form of Engagement now like I
said said unfortunately we don't really
get to see that number we don't get to
see a percentage or even just a total
number of people who started with our
story who selected our story from the
queue and also like I said we can't
really control that but we can slightly
influence it by making our stories can't
miss stories by making our stories the
kinds of stories that get people
addicted that get people wanting to come
back and wanting to watch day after day
and you do that by making sure that your
stories are high quality now there's an
important conversation that needs to be
had here which is that Instagram stories
were created as a way to be off the cuff
to be raw to be imperfect and to be in
the moment and that very much
contradicts a lot of what we're talking
about today and I understand that I
definitely think that there are times
and there are places and there are
people who are going to use their
Instagram stories to not do anything
I've talked about today but to instead
just share all the real moments share
all the in the moment uh happenings
document their day raw real imperfect
and that's awesome and plenty of you are
going to have success by not doing
anything I've said today and instead
sharing those raw real off-the-cuff in
the moment type of moments and that's
totally fine it's really up to you and
it can vary from day to day like I
mentioned earlier that's one of the best
things about Instagram stories is it
could vary from day to day you could
have three days in a row where you're
raw real imperfect off the cuff in the
moment it's super authentic it's super
vulnerable and then you let your stories
reset you let all of your stories expire
you have a clean slate and then bam you
hit them with an STD strategy like we've
been talking about today and like I'll
talk about in just a little bit you do
just one single story you avoid all
those story view killers and you
maximize your story views maybe so that
you can get more sales or get more link
clicks or whatever but again just
generally speaking creating can't miss
stories only posting stories that are
super engaging or super captivating that
what gets people coming back and
generally speaking if you're posting a
bunch of talking head stories you're
posting 17 stories per day showing us
every little moment what used to be
considered a best practice on Instagram
stories that might not be can't miss
content that might be very easy to miss
content and thus the kinds of content
that people are not going to click on
and choose to watch in the future so
something to consider but with all of
that being said with everything we've
talked about today the best form of
Engagement to maximize your Instagram
story reviews according to our own
research according to Instagram CEO
himself is story replies when someone
clicks on that little bar down at the
bottom of your Instagram stories and
sends you a direct message thus replying
to your story that is the peak of
Engagement in Instagram's eyes and it
makes sense both algorithmically and
audien if that's a word audience wise it
makes sense because if someone is taking
the time to not skip for fast forward or
exit your story not just tap on a little
sticker and vote but to actually tap on
the reply button and send you a message
even if it's just a single word that is
a heavy form of Engagement like that
person is invested that person was
paying attention that person is highly
engaged and not only is that person
sending a message the likelihood that
this is now going to become a
conversation is super high at the
beginning of today's episode I told you
what the most consumed kind of content
on all of inst Instagram is it is
Instagram stories but Instagram stories
are not the place where the average
Instagram user spends the most amount of
time the place where the average
time on Instagram is in the DMS in the
direct messages and I think that is what
Instagram has realized that is what
Instagram has learned and that is why to
now speak algorithmically that is why
they put so much weight into a reply
they know that that reply is going into
the Creator's DMS and if the Creator
replies now there's a conversation now
there is a fullon friendship a
relationship a conversation happening in
the DMS it's getting people to spend
more time on Instagram form better
connections on Instagram and thus enjoy
their overall Instagram experience that
much more and from our own experiments
this is true as well both on my accounts
and on numerous insta clubhub members
accounts as well where we've tested this
over and over again and proven that the
more replies you get to an Instagram
story The more views that story is going
to receive now without further Ado I
would love to share with you my
STD strategy for your Instagram stories
this is a strategy that is named in a
way that you will never forget it the S
stands for the word single like we
talked about earlier the more stories
you post the less views you get or
conversely the less stories you post the
more views you get and that is true all
the way down to just one single story so
in order to get maximum story views you
are going to post One Singular story in
a 24-hour period you're not going to
keep posting stories throughout the day
if you already have stories posted let
them expire or delete them or archive
them which is a new feature by the way
you can now archive Instagram stories so
little free breaking news for you there
but anyways delete archive or let them
expire so you only have one story posted
in that 24-hour period That's that's the
S single the T stands for text post so
text post Instagram story what does that
mean it basically means an Instagram
story with a lot of text on it it's not
a talking head it's not a video it's
either a photo or just a solid color
background like a still image graphic
that has a lot of text on it and when I
say a lot of text I'm talking multiple
sentences if not multiple paragraphs
that text is what gets people engaged
it's what gets them to stop their scroll
pause their Instagram stories and either
skim or speedread or take their time and
fully read whatever text you have typed
out and then the key thing arguably the
most important part of the STD strategy
is the D which stands for DM automation
DM automation is essentially a tool
where people can reply ding- dingding
the best kind of Engagement they reply
with a keyword you tell them what
keyword to reply with and then when they
reply with that keyword they get
something in return so when I want to
make a sale or get someone on our email
list or convert someone from a follower
into a customer I don't put the link
sticker on my Instagram stories I
basically create a story as if I was
going to put a link sticker at the
bottom and then instead of putting that
link sticker at the bottom I just write
reply blank and I will send you blank
reply cool and I will send you the
discount code reply guide and I will
send you the free guide reply news and I
will send you the link to our newsletter
on average when using this STD strategy
we see that views are increasing by 4X
if not more we've seen some people 10x
or 25x or 50x their Instagram story
views thanks to this strategy and it can
work time and time again I use the
strategy as frequently as three times a
week and it consistently boosts my story
views for that 24-hour period thus
allowing me to get the most possible
eyeballs on whatever it is that I want
to get the eyeballs on Now One bonus tip
that I want to give on top of this
strategy is that you can actually
schedule these stories in advance using
my favorite scheduling tool metrol
metrol is today's video partner and they
are what I use to schedule 100% of my
posts on Instagram one of the biggest
problems that's stopping people from
growing on Instagram is lack of
consistency and I believe that lack of
consistency is caused because people are
flying by the seat of their pants they
aren't using a scheduling tool so use
the one that I use use the one that I
recommend they have a free version so
you can try it out for yourself
indefinitely for free and get to know
how to use it or you can use code Brock
b r o c k all caps and when you use that
at checkout you can get metrol Pro for
free for a month so you can use all of
their Advanced features use all the
different tools and trackers and
schedulers that I use on a daily basis
you can use those for free for a month
and see if it's worth it for you but I I
highly recommend using a scheduling tool
metrol is my go-to and like I said you
can even use metrol to schedule your
Instagram stories so you could create an
STD story schedule it in advance on
metrol and then you could even set it on
like a reoccurring basis so that maybe
once a week you have this STD story
going up for you and then you don't have
to worry about it you're maximizing your
Instagram story views without even
having to open Instagram at all so again
I will put the link and the discount
code for metrol down in the show notes
uh below this episode but I want to
thank you so much for listening today
give the STD strategy a try if you want
to maximize your story views stay away
from those five story view killers and
don't forget to subscribe to build your
tribe for my upcoming interview with the
CEO of Instagram himself and until next
time happy networking